Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
I have absolutely no idea.
Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
Nothing.
What do you think the program did with what you typed?
Tried to answer the question.


Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
There's a third line labeled "color".
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
Give you the answer.
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
No, it just repeated what you typed in.


Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
There are multiple new lines, one with the color Red listed.
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
Showing red as the answer.
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
That's the coded responce
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
It says "Sorry, try again."
What does this tell you about "color"?
It tells you the correct color.


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
There's more lines, same amount as main3.py, but two different color sections.
What problem is this trying to solve? 
That Red and red are the correct answers.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It responds with "Sorry, try again."


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
Makes the answer "red".
What problem is it trying to solve? 
That red, no matter how it's spelled, or capitalized, is correct.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
It says "Sorry, try again."


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
The word "strip" is added in.
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
Probably removes something in some way.
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
Adding spaces seems to break it, while capitalization has no effect.


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
Pink will be an answer, or have an effect in some way.
What is the purpose of line 11? 
It specifies upercase and lowercase are correct.
Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 

Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
They specify the various answers and responces that can be accepted.
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
There was an error and the program didn't work.
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
It says the color is red.
What is the purpose of “count”? 
It's for counting how many tries you made for the answer.
What is happening on line 22? 
It's there to count your tries.
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?